h1. Devoxx 2012 - Live Tweets indexed by Elasticsearch

Welcome to Devoxx 2012


h2. Quickstart

# Install Elasticsearch
# Install Twitter River Plugin
# Launch Elasticsearch
# Create the river
# Use the JQuery application to search


h2. Step by step guide

h3. Install Elasticsearch

Very easy : 

# Download "Elasticsearch 0.19.2":https://github.com/downloads/elasticsearch/elasticsearch/elasticsearch-0.19.2.zip
# Unzip it


h3. Install Twitter River Plugin

Just do :

<pre><code>bin/plugin -install elasticsearch/elasticsearch-river-twitter/1.1.0</code></pre>


h3. Launch Elasticsearch

Just do :

<pre><code>bin/elasticsearch</code></pre>


h3. Create the river

Simply <code>curl</code> the river.
Note that you will have to provide your twitter account credentials.

You can create a "Twitter Application":https://dev.twitter.com/apps and then read your credentials to replace them below.

<pre><code>curl -XPUT http://localhost:9200/_river/devoxx2012/_meta -d '{
	"type" : "twitter",
	"twitter" : {
		"oauth" : {
			"consumerKey" : "yourConsumerKey",
			"consumerSecret" : "yourConsumerSecret",
			"accessToken" : "yourAccessToken",
			"accessTokenSecret" : "yourAccessTokenSecret"
		},
		"filter" : {
			"tracks" : ["devoxx"],
			"follow" : [63578554]
		}
	},
	"index" : {
		"index" : "devoxx2012",
		"type" : "tweet",
		"bulk_size" : 1
	}
}'</code></pre>

This river will listen to the "Twitter Hose":http://dev.twitter.com/pages/streaming_api and index everything that contains the terms devoxx and follow every tweet by @devoxx account (63578554).


h3. Launch the demo

# Download "Devoxx Demo":https://github.com/dadoonet/devoxx2012/zipball/master
# Unzip it
# Launch index.html in Chrome and wait for tweets !



